this is matt Burdell and today i wanted
to give the new stomper sightseer a
quick try so I've decided that I'll run
this through you I'm going to put it on
my own web see really what comes back to
tell me whether or not my on-page SEO is
really good enough so I've gone to the
stomper to the stompernet going natural
three page and there's a link at the
bottom of the page if you need to get
there and the first thing I need to do
is is to get this in these but my name
and email address here so I'll do that
really quickly but that and ok and I'm
going to click the get bonus and notice
that whenever you log into this or once
you've done this once you're
automatically going to be put into this
into their little back-end series
manager here but right now you can see
that all the other videos that have been
displayed already here so you can go
back and watch ones that you haven't
seen before but what I want to do here
is I want to go in and click on the site
see your submission form and this is
pretty simple stuff we're going to put
in a URL which is my website the
keywords i'm targeting and then my email
right down here so let me do that really
quickly okay so it's pretty simple i put
my URL there which is the web revere com
I've put some key words these are what i
refer to a lot in that web video as my
focus to your keyword so i put a bunch
of those in here and then i also went
through and i put in the email where I
want them to send my report so I'm going
to click generate that's telling me up
there to check in and this is
congratulations your site your stomper
sightseer report because it has been
received ok so it's been about a minute
or so later I've gone into my email here
and here's the response from stompernet
so I'm going to click on this link that
they have given me so here's a report
and I took a quick glimpse at it and
there's a lot of real interesting stuff
here and not only does it give you
information about your own website but
it has a lot of real good content on
other links another place that you can
go but the first thing you want to do is
watch this video and I'm not going to do
it right now but this video goes over a
lot of what's being discussed down below
so here they kind of focus a little bit
the presence in some of the major places
you know like the search engines up here
the bookmarking websites your presence
on the press releases in the article
cites as well as Alexa and quantcast and
all the major ones so these are all
really good links of places that you can
go and get more information about your
product now on part one here it's going
to go over your on-page Value Report and
it's just going to go through and it's
going to give you some idea about your
meta tags and how well how effectively
you're using your meta tags in reference
to the keywords that you're targeting up
here so I'm just going to kind of scroll
down here and it kind of goes on to your
website grabs your information and then
gives you an analysis down here on
whether or not you have too many
keywords too many too many characters
for that matter and it's going to go
through and tell you in some of these
green boxes here like for example here
with the meta tags it's told me that
three of the five of my meta tags are
included in the ones that I upon that
done that first page meta descriptions
here you know none of those words are
included in my meta description that
might be something I want to go and look
at and fix if we go down here it's
looking at the h1 h2 and h3 tags to try
to determine whether or not we're using
these keywords and effective places in
the content of the page and also here's
oh here's a good one here that something
that I need to work on a little bit more
are my alt text is other alt text that
is found on the images so this is a big
you know they even put a little bit of a
warning sign here or something I need to
go back and spend a little bit more time
and it gives you an explanation in this
report on why this is an important and
how to optimize this on your website too
I'm part 2 it's going to go over a
little bit the of the off page
optimization and that's just going
through and things like your page rank
how your visibility is on the major
search engines as well as in some of the
bookmarking directories to the social
media here about do I have an RSS feed
and I know for this website I don't and
something I should probably take a
little bit more interest in but I do
have a few delicious bookmarks down here
personally I spent a little bit more of
my social time targeting my my blog
instead my website so I'm kind of aware
of this type of stuff but if you don't
have a bull
login you are targeting just your own
money site these are the type of things
that you need to go and determine about
your website itself and then finally
it's going to go through and give you a
whole list of myths here on the things
that you should not be concerned about
with search engine optimization I read
through these things and some of these I
knew in some of these are very new to me
too so it's really worth your time to go
through and look at all the myths here
but at the end of the day I think that
this is a really an awesome tool not
only to give you a little bit of in Sion
your own website but to give you a lot
of good instruction on ways of going
back to your website and now improving
it and finally before i go i just wanted
to remind you to go back to the going
natural 3.0 videos the very beginning to
get yourself started if you haven't
watched a in the videos yet this is a
great place to be going in all this week
i think they're posted a new video
almost every single day today's for
example is the competitive intelligence
report and that's what's playing down
here and if you want to do the the sites
here or get some of the archives of the
other videos that have been shown
throughout the last week be sure to go
over here to the right just enter your
name and email address here and just get
the bonus and you'll get immediate
access into this into their archives as
well as that new sightseer program so
again the links at the bottom of the
page I think you'll really dig all the
stuff if you're if you're trying to make
money online or if this is something
that you have a lot of experience in I'm
learning a lot from these videos and i
highly recommend everybody that's doing
this stuff to take careful note and all
this free stuff that's going out right
now to take it easy